So now, let's talk about the snowflake schema.
This is a logical arrangement of tables in a multi-dimensional database
represented by centralized fact table which are connected to multiple dimensions.
So, it's a complex snowflake shapes that
emerges when the dimensions of a snowflake schema are elaborated,
having multiple levels of relationships,
and child tables with multiple parents.
So again, here we have one fact table,
and then the dimension table,
and then other dimension tables that are radiating off of that.
So, the snowflake versus the star schema.
So, the star schema is a special simplified case of the snowflake schema.
Star schema does not allow for one to many relationships,
which is what we saw that you're able to do with the snowflake schema.
The snowflake schema is more normalized than the star schema,
but it's normally only in first normal form or second normal form.